<h1>
TAMAS Teaching Management System
</h1>
<p>
The management of TAs and graders contributing to courses offered by ECE is a carried out before the beginning of each semester by first uploading the list of courses for the upcoming semester with detailed course information (e.g. course credit, number of lab and tutorial sessions and hours) and student enrolment data. This information defines the default TA and grader hours calculated by the department, which implicitly specify a budget for the course derived using different hourly rates for TAs and graders. </p><br>
<p>Instructors of each course publish job postings for TA and grader positions by a given deadline by specifying the preferred skills and experience required for the course. Both graduate and undergraduate students may apply to at most three job offers by submitting their personal details (e.g. McGill ID number) and their past TA/grader experience and specifying their preference between the different courses. A student may apply for both TA and grader positions for a course.</p> <br>
<p>The department prepares an initial allocation considering that (1) the same TA should be hired whenever possible for classes with multiple tutorial or lab sessions, (2) each TA may have an appointment of at least 45 hours (for each course) and at most 180 hours (in total), and (3) if graduate TAs are available for a course then they should be hired instead of undergraduate students. Instructors may modify this initial allocation by changing TA and grader hours if the total budget of the course is not exceeded. </p><br>
<p>The department approves the final TA and grader allocations for each course and sends the job offers to the TAs and graders who can accept or reject it. In order to handle unforeseen events and changes, multiple job offers can be sent to TAs and graders by the department. At the end of the course, the instructor writes a short evaluation on each TA and grader of the course. </p><br>
